[Music]
it was a trio of presidential campaign
power the past two democratic presidents
Bill Clinton and Barack Obama backing up
the current one trailing Republican
Donald Trump in polls but dominating him
in fundraising President Joe Biden
played to his strength raising more than
$25 million in the biggest fundraising
night in political history with the
swing states that will decide the 2024
election divided by as little as 10,000
votes money for advertising and get out
the vote efforts could make the
difference polls show Biden's approval
ratings are the lowest of the three
presidents underperforming his 2020
numbers with black young and with the
war in Gaza Arab and Muslim American
voters The Forum was interrupted several
times by anti-war protests inside Radio
City Music Hall shame on you Joe Biden
shame on
you the re outside the event anti-war
protesters held back by an army of
Secret Service agents and police called
him genocide Joe if you really don't
want Israel to commit genocide in Rafa
for instant stop supplying them with
weapons stop stop it to get inside
donors paid as little as
$225 and as much as half a million a
picture with all three presidents cost
$100,000 but to express your view
outside it costs nothing as long as you
don't mind a little cold and rain
adding to New York traffic and the crush
of Secret Service agents was Trump who
attended a wake in nearby Long Island
for a New York City police officer
killed in the line of duty Trump who's
been raising money for his campaign and
his court cases sent out a political
fundraising request of his own saying he
needed to compete with the quote
deranged Hollywood liberals funding
Biden John hendin Al jazer New
York make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer